the day's going very well yeah and
better than we thought we've got lots of
people coming in and take apart and and
everyone seems to be having a good day
and in playing hopefully they're all
playing well as well so and the two
charities been been a melting company
ourselves and we wanted to do something
local and so that appeals to people in
in the town and so Melton main cap was
was was that choice there Laura withers
as well as got strong ties with main
caps so again this decision kind of made
itself and the mat hampson foundation
was chosen because we're a fitness
company were into sport we working with
support of all levels and the matt
hanson story is just it's such an
inspirational one in terms of what's
going on now and what he's trying to do
for the people so again it kind of shows
itself yes good excuse to get out on the
course and as eight the guys here well
62 the boys really six to the target
lies are just you know got a day off is
nothing better to do spend it on the
golf course and I bumming around but
yeah it's all obviously all for today's
format and and main cap as well so it's
you know just areas part of it and we
have to raise a lot of money today I'm
you know things like this we need to be
doing regularly to to help not only the
Madsen trust but you know main cap as
well which is a good charity and you
know Matt likes it that way doesn't just
want it all about him you know he
doesn't ask for these things you know
its people organizing them for him and
it was very humble with it with that as
well and appreciates the work that
everyone does and yeah will support him
for life as Lester targets well as well
call you but I'm side of my heroes in
the communities have some really
overwhelming the toys body then it's
true though when the boys down hugs Finn
for three bears and of them of the love
movement several website and I've got a
few people in my co will settle set it
all up and do we do we got my humps and
not currently k and
they're selling sports memorabilia from
all of the world and also remember what
merchandise no Ike move on you I go on
and spit some bowls interests to develop
its own if you wanna have a look going
to be divvied up mom to nothing in
effect